At a glance (#20627)
netdata/netdata: docs/netdata-enterprise-evaluation-corrected.md

3. Deploy Netdata Cloud on-premises or use it as a SaaS

Typically, organizations use the mixed approach, where they install a number of independent Netdata Parent clusters, centralizing observability data per data center, service, department, or geography. These independent Netdata Parents become unified infrastructure observability through Netdata Cloud (on-premises or SaaS), like this:

```
┌─── Datacenter A ───┐  ┌─── Datacenter B ───┐  ┌─── Cloud Region ───┐
│     500 Agents     │  │     700 Agents     │  │     400 Agents     │
│         ↓          │  │         ↓          │  │         ↓          │
│  Parent Cluster A  │  │  Parent Cluster B  │  │  Parent Cluster C  │
└────────────────────┘  └────────────────────┘  └────────────────────┘
           ↓                      ↓                        ↓
┌────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                 Netdata Cloud (On-Prem or SaaS)                    │
│                  Unified View & Access Control                     │
└────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

> For more information see [Deployment Strategies](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/deployment-guides/centralized).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information see [Deployment Strategies](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/docs/deployment-guides/deployment-with-centralization-points.md).
```

## Infrastructure Requirements

Netdata has been architected to minimize resource consumption while maximizing observability capabilities. This efficiency is achieved through several key design decisions:

- **Storage Optimization**: Industry-leading compression achieving ~0.5 bytes per sample on disk for high-resolution data
- **Edge Computing**: Distributed architecture keeps data processing close to its source, reducing bandwidth and central processing requirements - Netdata distributes the code instead of centralizing the data

> - **Intelligent ML**: Machine learning runs as low-priority background tasks, automatically yielding resources when needed for data collection. See [AI & ML Features](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/ai-&-ml)

Author: ```suggestion
- **Intelligent ML**: Machine learning runs as low-priority background tasks, automatically yielding resources when needed for data collection. See [AI & ML Features](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/docs/category-overview-pages/machine-learning-and-assisted-troubleshooting.md)
```
